Regulations
Singapore’s duty-free regulations (on arrival) are stringent, particularly for cigarettes. 

Wear
Even if you are accustomed to tropical weather, it’s best to wear light and comfortable clothing when here, T-shirts, flip-flops, the likes of, are worn by Singaporean everywhere, Shorts are generally fine too. 


Temprature
Everybody knows that Singapore is warm all year long, on the other hand, what many visitors do not realize it is not the tropical temperature but the high humidity levels that make it so uncomfortable. 

Subway
Since the 1980s, the Singaporean subway system, known as the MRT, has been regarded as one of the best public transportation systems in the world.


Taxis
Singaporean taxis are required by law to charge by the meter, this means you should immediately walk away if a taxi driver attempts to negotiate a special “package price” with you.



Currency
Since 2018, there is an aggressive national campaign to go cashless in Singapore, prior to this, many methods for cashless payment in Singapore also existed but still, it’s helpful, if not essential, to always carry some cash with you.


Safety
Singapore prides itself on being one of the safe and the safest cities in the world, that said, it naturally doesn’t mean the country is crimeless, for travelers, the most common threats are scams and drunken brawls.



Wifi
Many places in Singapore offer free WiFi. 


Languages
Most Singaporeans speak some degree of English, though you might need some time to get used to local intonations and colloquiums.


Water
It is widely known that Singapore tap water is perfectly safe to drink.


Parks
the unimpressed often criticize Singapore as a concrete jungle but here is some truth in this but I’d add that we are a concrete jungle dotted with plentiful green spaces.

Visit
Singapore doesn’t have geographical seasons, but it certainly has bad travel seasons that you should take note of. 


Scam
Embarrassing as it is for me to say, there are several tourist scam hotspots to take note of when traveling to Singapore.


Best Places
here are top places to visit in singapore, marina Bay Area (Inclusive of Marina Bay Sands), National Gallery Singapore, The zoos, Gardens by the Bay and Universal Studios Singapore.

Top five Hotels
top five hotels in singapore are SIX SENSES DUXTON & MAXWELL, THE FULLERTON hotel, THE FULLERTON bay hotel, Capella Singapore and raffles singapore.

Airport distance
the airport distance to the central bussiness district is luckily near in singapore.


SIX SENSES DUXTON & MAXWELL
Six Senses’ Singapore property is split across two buildings that are an easy wander apart: Six Senses Duxton and Six Senses Maxwell, the Six Senses Duxton site features a row of trading houses that have been sustainably restored under the gifted hand of acclaimed British designer Anouska Hempel in harmony with a rich Asian history, each of the 49 guestrooms and suites features a unique individuality so that no two are exactly the same. 



THE FULLERTON 
THE FULLERTON HOTEL SINGAPORE is a grand neoclassical landmark built in 1928, that was once home to Singapore’s General Post Office, the Exchange Room and Exchange Reference Library, and the prestigious Singapore Club, today, the Fullerton Hotel Singapore has been transformed into a stunning 400-room heritage hotel in Singapore. 



THE FULLERTON BAY 
THE FULLERTON BAY HOTEL Singapore sparkles amidst the Marina Bay waterfront, guests enter the hotel — built entirely over water — from the historic 1933 Clifford Pier, and are welcomed by spellbinding interiors of design wunderkind Andre Fu await.


Capella Singapore
Capella Singapore, a tranquil beachfront oasis on Sentosa Island, is ten minutes from downtown Singapore.


RAFFLES SINGAPORE
World travelers have been singing Singapore’s praises since the all-suite Raffles Singapore first opened more than 130 years ago. 

Restaurants
All the hotels in this platform have restaurants to know more please look for hotels.


Book a hotel
please go to our platform for booking, to reserve or queries related to reservation and to know if there is a space thanks.


Flights to Singapore for this weekend

There are 25 flights to singapore this weekend.

